OSDOCS-19972-new-PR updated assemblies/modules for plugin (#113956)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/external_secrets_management_console_plugin/external-secrets-console-plugin-release-notes.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/external_secrets_operator/external-secrets-console-plugin-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="external-secrets-console-plugin-release-notes"]
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: external-secrets-console-plugin-release-notes

> = {external-secrets-operator} release notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= {external-secrets-console-plugin} release notes
```

Author: Done

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> The {external-secrets-console-plugin} is a cluster-wide service that provides lifecycle management for secrets fetched from external secret management systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {external-secrets-console-plugin} provides a unified OpenShift Console interface for viewing and managing secrets-related Custom Resources from multiple operators (cert-manager, External Secrets Operator, and Secrets Store CSI Driver).
```

Author: Done
